This folder contains a char based text generation model used LSTM layer with tensorflow following tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QM5XDc4NQJo&t=1508s,
the dataset is downloaded from :https://huggingface.co/datasets/Ozziey/poems_dataset
poems generated with seed="Once upon a time":

-EPOCH=5:
Once upon a time a child,
that she said earth be love,
to have shall of the gardering wing
and the stand of the weared sound
that thou shall in the riverent could of all heart of my break of the life.

we all to the fath to the ware and fore,
for the garrows the contrise
to be do consigring friends and the bours
and thing in the sunder love,
who do the stare and then to the speaker
then i said as souls, and words the falling dark
the miss and sun, i seek your are not my lend.

i could the dound ears,
to she bare in the down to white so while
of the wind and the want seek
hours of the wind,
from the wanting of white feet,
and to for me, and in the winding in the staring stare the brass
which to the fling, and then ungent,
that who there are bare and tough,
that forget and the bearing or all to the precenter
and to the bours of the dound wind in the read wind
when the tright, the poor still new the rest and courtent d

-EPOCH=8:
Once upon a time.
the world of the wind strainting his to the dust
the sea-was you and stars of me both on god,
by the store she may me leaves,
or will the mouth to more ment
for the bough of the tain.

i caudderness bears, the name and the tell easy.

the silvery in the story beart
the starved hair to the stars
and her was be the pain all the sea-stars,
and i deciesy the straide and delight
of love is the living story by the torn a turn,
and all the sould in the sunfant licked her lies

who love and so to they, and delight
to more the country stray, where the statrich and the to the story and my black
on first in the mouthed blows and did,
nor the turned to the coldent, and the straide,
the mountiners and blood.

but dead the starved and the first be glow
on the silvery blear the stame more my long,

-EPOCH=10:
Once upon a time
and the dawn her passed and cant
to the soul of lacted me thee in the cost,
the heart all men for the words to mold.

i that the cante with the heavenly part
who holy and strange and in me the spring.

i could the brid and all the dage with beamon sailing in the heart
and the earth we was they devile are day
as it is for the stares
of words of the pate had with thee
in the shadow wooden spread and the story
and the wanted to the day, i can heart
and can and the braste and canna the shadows.

the daw that blood, the blood of the tooks in the morner,
cloud to the cante the every were stones
and in the rain of the reeded, and was the read the shadow the trust back.

i was and the read to the sturets and blood,
and upon the sair to the slow to seek;
and as the rain when it is a blood,
we and leart to feel the pooth bees the shadow?
the aneved out of the wind,
beside the emperned me love as the veir case
to the call thee thee, so sleeve to see,
the dark midnow man of the shadow their close
